Given a list of n unsorted key-value tuples which are too large to fit in memory, return the k tuples with the greatest value where n is several orders of magnitude greater than k. This list may be dispersed across multiple machines.  

Given a tree of order n which is neither complete or a search tree, write a function to construct a new tree of order m in-place. Memory usage is bound to 2 times the size of the tree. The new tree must be complete, and a node A cannot be a child of another node B in the new tree if A was an ancestor of B in the old… 

Given a list of movement commands (up, down, left, right, undo previous action), write a function that returns the final (x,y) coordinate. Followup: how would you handle other kinds of commands and undoing them? What kind of design pattern is this?  

Given two very large timestamped sorted log files that do not fit in memory (possibly on different machines), merge them in timestamp order. Provide some test cases.  

Describe how you would design a data experimentation platform.  

Print nodes in balanced tree level by level and reversing the print order every other level.  

Get k largest elements in a list, extremely large list (doesn't fit in memory), write actual test cases.  
1 Answer
Determine if a linked list is circular (give upper and lower on runtime bounds given the choices made/optimal ratio)
Find the common ancestor in a binary tree.  
Given the head of a linked list, write a program in your language of choice to return the middle node of the list.  
a problem about rectangles (not the one floating around the web about determining whether two rectangles overlap).  
IMP Q: In an array that has one value for more than half of its elements, how can you find that value?  
Implement a LRU cache.  
Reverse words in a sentence so like
ex: to be or not to be
return be to not or be to
Note: I'm a freshman in college and he knows I don't know much so I got an easy question  
The coding problem he asked me was to find the next larger element in a BST.  
1. Find max continuous sum in array?
Reverse an integer. Looking for optimized solution and definitely no tostring type of solution  
Simple design questions like messaging and elevator controller  
How would you test whether a sort function for pairs is correct?  
Reverse a singly linked list.  
Three baskets. One has apples, one has oranges, one has both. They are all labeled incorrectly. Find out which basket contains which with only 1 draw.  
Walk me through your resume. Tell me about a time you had to overcome an obstacle. How would you check if two strings are anagrams.  
Implement a class Stack  
Difference between java and c++
Implement a class with wrappers and hashes  
Suppose you have 11 marbles and a two-pan balance used to compare the weight of 2 things. All of the marbles weigh the same except for one, which is heavier than all of the others. How would you find the heaviest marble if you are only allowed to weigh the marbles 3 times?  
The question was: Given a text written in some language where the alphabets are represented with 1 byte or 2 byte. But the one byte alphabets always have their MSB 1 and the 2 byte charecters always have their MSB 0. Now when at some point user presses a back space how many bytes are to be deleted to erase the alphabet?  
give a linked list and remove a node of the given index  
In-place reversal of a linked list.  
Merge 2 sorted linked lists such that the final linked list is sorted  
1. Best time to buy and sell stocks. 2. find the biggest island in a 2D matrix.  
Design a snake-and-ladder game  
You have two intersecting linked lists. Describe a function that returns a pointer to the node where they intersect.  
Traverse a binary tree using recursion (and later, iteration).  
Code to find the height of the binary tree.  
The types of questions they asked were in "Cracking the Coding Interview" (which is an outstanding study guide). No matter what technical questions they ask, be prepared to discuss the time and space complexity (Big O notation) for the algorithms you propose. Always test your code and try to find the bugs before they do. Discuss alternative implementations and the trade-offs involved.  
Find the first 1 entry in an array of binary numbers  
Design a function to merge a list of contacts between various clients updating a web service  
Create an algorithm to place a series of randomized ships onto a battleship(game)-esque grid system.  
Create an algorithm to determine whether pixels surrounding a grid spot in a Game of Life environment are turned on.  
Find first common ancestor given 2 nodes in a tree not necessarily a binary tree.  
Clone a linked list with random pointer  
Design a game of poker and focus was around scoring function of poker.  
Variation of merge procedure of merge sort.  
LCA of 2 nodes in a binary tree (not BST)  
Rearrange digits of a number to find the largest possible number in O(n) time.  
Write a CleanAPI() method to remove dirty values in a list of integers.  
Given two integers, return the numbers of matched digit number. For ex, 130 and 239, return 1. 29 and 92, return 0  
1. Create a queue (enqueue and dequeue methods) using stacks as your only storage method
2. Binary tree from inorder and preorder traversal pair
3. Find where two linked lists converge in O(n) time and O(1) memory. Linked lists are guarantied to be valid and to converge at some point
4. Print duplicates in an array (you may either print duplicate values many times or just once as they're discovered)   … 
The numbers 1-5 are inserted, in order, into a stack. Numbers are removed from the stack one-by-one and pushed into another array (numbers could be removed at any time, even before all the numbers have been added to the stack). What order of numbers in the array could NOT be produced by this scenario? Write code to determine if a sequence of numbers could have been produced by this scenario.  
Given a 2-D grid with certain cells (coordinates given) being inaccessible, and a virtual robot starting in the top left corner that can only go down or right, write an algorithm that will guarantee that the robot reaches the bottom right corner of the grid, or determines that a path (given the above constraints) is impossible.  
Which Microsoft Product you most like and dislike  
System design questions  
inorder traverse of a tree without.recursive  
Given a list of numbers, sort them and remove the duplicate numbers.  
Two rovers are on a planet and can move and set beacons. How would you get them to crash?  
You have two substrings of a string that overlap. How would you put them together into one string?  
1) Find minimum subarray that adds to a particular number  
Given two sorted arrays, combine the two arrays in order without using a sort algorithms after the merge?  
Write an atoi function for scratch.  
Why do you want to work for Microsoft?  
Remove duplicates from a linked list.  
How to test if user likes Bing's new infobox and the way it presents the information.  
Algorithm to parse string for algebraic operations and solve with respect to order.  
1) Implement atoi
2) correct bug in the code that deletes head from linked list
3) Given string of digits like "72388" and int n, delete n characters from the sting such the resulting string contains minimal number representation, you must preserve relative position of digits. Example: if st="72388" and n=2, the answer is 238.  
Given a directory string "c/a/../b/./d" write a method that outputs the final directory. (In this example, "c/b/d"). A "." input stays in the current directory, a ".." input goes back one.  
Design a method midNumbers(start, end, length) that prints the middle values between two integers. Ex: midNumbers(0,5,2) would print 2,3. midNumbers(1,10,4) would print 4,5,6,7. This question was left VERY vague and I think it was intentionally left up to the interviewee to clarify as much as possible. Follow ups included "How would you check for appropriate input? How would you protect against attacks, such as a buffer overflow attack? What are some cases that you would test to check that the method is working correctly?"  
How would you convert a row number on Excel to a label? Rows are labeled alphabetically with letters added on once the alphabet has been fully used. (Ex. row # 5 is labeled E, row # 27 is labeled AA, row # 28 is AB, row # 53 is BA and so forth) What would the row label be for a large number, such as 1500?  
String question of removing duplicates from string, and couple of tree questions  
3 questions in online tech screen. The tool they use for online tech screen sucks. Editor was too small and found out towards the end that I could maximize(talk about UI design), had to manually indent for every new line of code, python being indentation significant was awkward to tab for new line of code.
1. Closest k points
2. Reverse words in a sentence
3. Find/fix bug in a method   …  href="/Interview/3-questions-in-online-tech-screen-The-tool-they-use-for-online-tech-screen-sucks-Editor-was-too-small-and-found-out-towar-QTN_1281091.htm" class="questionResponse">1 Answer
Binary tree level order traversal.  
The first question is to find out a duplicate number in an array.
The second question is to describe how mutex works.  
Have you worked in a group setting? How do you handle conflicts in a group setting? How do you know if a product you have been working on is successful?  
Explain polymorphism as if you are speaking to your Grand mother.  
First question is: What is the biggest technical challenge you have met in your internship/projects?
Second question is: Given a node of a binary tree, find the next node of the in order traversal of the tree.  
Why are interfaces important?  
You have a traffic detector that logs a timestamp whenever a car passes by. Write a function to process this array in various ways (don't remember the specifics).  
How do you reverse a linked list?  
First one is to print out the first 50 Fibonacci numbers.
Then to identify a cycle in linked-list.  
Check whether a piece on a chess board can move from A to B. The function should return "True or False" if the move is possible. Test cases can range from Pawn to Bishop or any other piece. You have to know or calculate how a piece would travel, intersect a path , kill an opponent between A and B.  
Calculate the depth of a tree, weather its balanced or not  
reverse words in string. e.g. "I am a student." => "student a am I"  
Given one array, then remove one element, and shuffle. Find out the removed elements.  
How to find the first common node of two list given the head of two linked list  
Traverse a binary search tree with recursion and iteration  
Build a class for a vending machine.  
Print all permutations of a string  
1. Priorityqueue to get the top k numbers
2. reverse print an integer
3. debug a piece of code  

1. leetcode's spiral matrix
2. wirte a readwrite class and implements readlock readunlock writelock and writeunlock four functions with a mutex class, based on CREW-PRAM
3. some string operation algorithm questions  

They gave me a string and asked me how to remove all instances of a certain letter from the string.  
Implement a stack using arrays.  
Create a function that will create a score for a word (kinda like words with friends).  
Reverse linked list. The most impressive project experience. The difficulty in group collaboration.  
Q1: Given a string s, if there are two adjacent 'a', turn the substring into 'a'; if there is one 'b', turn the 'b' into "bb". For example, "aabbaaa"->"abbbbaa";
Q2: How the STL vector works. (I use C++)  
Asked about past job experiences, How I tackled the toughest phase of my life.....tech questions about string manipulation like are these strings isomorphic....find the minimum distance between the a's in the string....
So basically how you solve this is ...do one pass over the array and store the indices of a's in a new array. From this construct a new array with the differences(a[i+1]-a[i]). Now find minimum of this array  
Given an array of data, find all of the local maximum.  
How to do polynomial addition?  
Swap lower/uppercase ignoring special characters.  
1. How to balance parenthesis in a program?  
Graph coloring  
There is a pixel map with 1&#039;s representing land and 0 representing water. Find the number of continents (not connected groups of 1&#039;s).  
Convert integers to roman numerals  
Write a function to return a list of files (recursively) given the root directory Node.
How will you design a many to many relational database ?
What are the considerations you have when creating a web service?
How would you do load balancing?  
1. Reverse string except spaces. A string has mix of alphabets and spaces. Your task is to reverse the string, but preserve the positions of spaces. For example, reverse of " a if" is " f ia"

2. An array of size n has all but one numbers between 1 and n+1. Find the missing one. 
Given two rectangles, check if they intersect? He also asked me if I have seen the question before to which I replied I had but that I had not tried solving it.  
multiply 2 numbers without using * sign  

1.) find a first repeating string in a large text file.
2.) Check if the given cordinates on a map correspond to the correct address (where address or cordinates are provided in a tab separated file)
3.) Design a game like angry birds  
1) How would you sort large files.
On campus questions
1) 2 Sum problem
2) loop in list, and detect start of it
3) Design Tic Tac Toe
4) Hr type interview.  
Questions can mostly be found on geeksforgeeks, the topics include binarytree, recursion, 2d array, suffix trie, hashing etc.
1. implement "atoi"
2. the skylines problem
3. two lines on a 2d dimension, given their end points, check if they intersect (this is more of a math problem but i just coded it up in C++)
4. binary tree modification, make all parents' values be the sum of their direct children.
there are more but I… 
replace each space with "%20" in a string  

Reverse a linked list. Implement and evaluate expected runtime of bogoSort.  


The technical questions asked:
On-campus interview:
    remove duplicates from an unsorted array
On-site interviews:
    implement strtok
    reverse string(ie. hello world => world hello)
    find lca for bst
    find first non repeating character in string
    given a list of characters and the function toLower, implement toUpper
    check for palindrome in string and singly linked list
    check if binary tree is bst


Design a function that takes in 2 strings representing numbers and adds them together as if they are numbers, and outputs the result as a string. You cannot assume the number is any containable size (i.e. the value represented could be larger than long long long long etc.).  
1 Answer
Reverse a linked list  
Answer Question
Encode/decode two strings into one string, and back to two  
Answer Question
Design a notification system to be used by clients to deliver content to customers.  

Given an array of numbers how would you determine all the numbers that repeated more than once?  

1. How to design a cache data structure for a certain search use case
2. String comparison/manipulation, and non-binary tree traversal and try to find a root-based path qualifying a certain requirement.
3. Search an element from a matrix.
4. String reversing with some special characters to check. BinaryTree level by level traversal.
5. What are you expecting to be in 5 years? Talk about previous working experience.  

 Implement strcpy
- Implement strtod
- Find a path in 2D labyrinth
- Design URL shortening service
- Implement add() operation for single-linked list which is cycled having the last element always pointing to the head
- Implement add() operation for a data structure which holds intervals of integers. Merge the adding interval with any existing ones if they overlap. Eg: given intervals [1-3, 5-7, 9]. Add 3-5 and we get [1-7, 9].
- BFS in 2D matrix kind of problem
- Implement bool isMirrored(TreeNode *root) for a binary tree to tell whether a tree is mirrored against the root node
- Implement bool hasCycles(GraphNode *node) for an arbitrary graph
- The two eggs problem upgraded to thee eggs
- Given the stock price updated each second implement a method to provide the top stock price for the last hour whenever asked  

Review code that is doing a integer conversion and point out all of the bugs and optimizations that could be made.  
How would you design an alarm clock program?  
Install dependencies.  

implement Ceaser cipher
reverse a sentence: This is a sentence -&gt; sentence a is This
Design the Battleship Game  

URL shortner- write a method which returns a 7 charchter string for every request. String should be unique on every request.  
Answer Question
Reverse a sentence. How are you -&gt; you are How  
Answer Question
Make a copy of a binary tree and describe a solution to transfer this tree from machine A to Machine B and unpack it at Machine B. No correct answer- open ended.  
Answer Question
Given a binary tree, with a next pointer. Connect every node's next pointer to its immediete neighbour of the same level (if there is one) or the leftmost node of next level . Using this a binary tree can be traversed like a linked list. (Hint: BFS)  
Answer Question
Efficient way of finding if two strings are anagrams  
Answer Question

Thing of a simple O(n^3) algorithm for finding the longest palindrome in a string. Now a O(n^2) one. Now a O(n log n) one.  

1. Given a sorted matrix, find an element if it exists.
2. Given an array of integers with positives and negatives values. sort it in a way where all negative values are on the left side by keeping the relative order. Do it in place.
3. Given an array of a stock value for each day, give an algorithm to find the maximum profit possible between a buy-day and a sale-day.  

Design a service to automate the interaction between locked and encrypted Nokia Phones and Microsoft.  

Sent in application for SDE, SDET, and IT positions in October. Near the end of January a recruiter called me to schedule a phone interview. 30 minute phone interview with an Engineer from the team I interviewed with asked basic questions:
- How do you troubleshoot your home network?
- How would you describe virtualization to your grandmother?
- Questions about projects on my resume
The next week I was selected for an on-site. All expense paid trip to Redmond. Flew me in, stayed 3 days 2 nights in a sweet hotel, rental car, fancy meals, the works.
The on site interview was with 4 engineers from the same team. 45 minute interviews with each one. Most of them were simple conversations. If you make it to this round it's basically a culture fit. They didn't ask a single code question and none of those stupid "How many golf balls fit in a school bus" type questions. The whole team was really good. Less than a week later the recruiter contacted me with an offer. They're looking for people that love what they do and love to learn and grow on their own. It's the whole culture they support up there.

1. Given a sorted matrix, find an element if it exists.
2. Given an array of integers with positives and negatives values. sort it in a way where all negative values are on the left side by keeping the relative order. Do it in place.
3. Given an array of a stock value for each day, give an algorithm to find the maximum profit possible between a buy-day and a sale-day.  
Find a loop in a linked list and fix it.
Set all nodes at the same depth to have a field "next" pointing to the next in the children.. (BT)  
Fixed-size array queue, what if you are running out of time to complete a project.  
